Add UTF-8 encoding option to the envelope document and proto. (#64)
secure-systems-lab/dsse: envelope.md

Author: Thanks so much for all the editing suggestions!

Regarding versioning, I don't think it is originally versioned; and also there is no field defined in the envelope to reflect versions. I guess we will need to add a version field in the envelope, don't we?

Assuming we embrace Semantic Versioning, do we start (current) from 1.0 and bump to 1.1?
Or start from 0.1 and bump to 1.0, like in-toto? But the latter is a major version bump...
Or maybe start from 0.1 and bump to 0.2, to keep this a minor version bump?

Reviewer: Sorry, I meant versioning of the spec itself. It's currently v1.0. I lean towards calling this v1.1 rather than v2.0 since the signature is still backwards compatible and contains the string `DSSEv1`. Then again, I could be convinced to call it v2.0 since newly created envelopes would be unreadable by old clients.

I personally don't think a version number is needed in the envelope. Instead of going by version, you can go by what fields are present. A v1.1/v2.0 envelope with `payload` looks just the same as v1.0. I worry that a `version` field will lead to unnecessary incompatibility or worse, bugs or vulnerabilities.

Author: Thanks for clarifying. I bumped up the version in envelope.md and added the "change history" section.

Reviewer 2: @MarkLodato Not sure that a version field would lead to vulnerabilities: at least, I don't see why that is necessarily more insecure than conditionally parsing fields. At least a version field would give you an unauthenticated hint you don't need to blindly trust, but for which you know you need to double-check by looking for other, expected fields.

See [Protocol](protocol.md) for a definition of parameters and functions.

> Arbitrary binary data can be encode in [Base64](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4648),
> as a unicode string and enclosed in the envelope using the `payload` key.
> Either standard or URL-safe encoding is allowed.
> 
> However, if the serialized payload body is a text string, it can *instead* be
> encoded in [UTF-8](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3629) and enclosed in the
> envelope using the `payloadUtf8` key. The UTF-8 encoding has a lower overhead
> than Base64 for texts, and is more friendly for compression algorithms.
> 
> Note:
> 
> 1. Use either the `payload` or `payloadUtf8` key in an envelope, not both;
> 2. The choice of payload encoding does not impact
>    [the signing or the signatures](protocol.md#signature-definition).

Reviewer: This is not technically correct. SERIALIZED_DATA is the thing that is UTF-8 encoded, not `payloadUtf8`, and the whole JSON document is a Unicode string, not a byte sequence (it can be UTF-8, UTF-16, etc). Here's a suggested alternative:

```suggestion
Exactly one of `payload` or `payloadUtf8` MUST be set:

-   `payload` supports arbitrary SERIALIZED_BODY. 
    [Base64Encode()](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4648) transforms a byte
    sequence to a Unicode string. Base64 has a fixed 33% space overhead but
    supports payloads that are not necessarily valid UTF-8. Either standard or
    URL-safe encoding is allowed.

-   `payloadUtf8` only supports valid
    [UTF-8](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3629) SERIALIZED_BODY. `Utf8Decode()`
    converts that UTF-8 byte sequence to a Unicode string. Regular JSON string
    escaping applies, but this is usually more compact and amenable to
    compression than Base64.

Note: The choice of `payload` vs `payloadUtf8` does not impact the
[the signing or the signatures](protocol.md#signature-definition).
```
